5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 1/19L e g a lTerms and Conditions of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy
User Guidelines Premium Oer Terms
Spoti Terms of Use
Eective as of: March 24, 2023
Introduction
The Spoti Service
Your Use of the Spoti Service
Content and Intellectual Property Rights
Customer Support, Information, Questions, and Complaints
Problems and Disputes
About These Terms
1. Introduction
Please read these Terms of Use ("Terms") carefully as they govern your use of (which includes
access to) Spoti's personalized services for streaming music and other content, including all of
our websites and software applications that incorporate or link to these Terms (collectively, the
"Spoti Service") and any music, videos, podcasts, audiobooks, or other material that is made
available through the Spoti Service ("Content").
Use of the Spoti Service is subject to the Spoti Privacy Policy and additional terms and
conditions presented by Spoti, all of which are made part of these Terms by this reference.
By signing up for, or otherwise using, the Spoti Service, you agree to these Terms. If you do not
agree to these Terms, then you must not use the Spoti Service or access any Content.
THESE TERMS CONTAIN A MANDATORY ARBITRATION PROVISION THAT, AS FURTHER SET
FORTH IN SECTION 6 BELOW, REQUIRES THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS
TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR ANY OTHER COURT PROCEEDINGS,
OR CLASS ACTIONS OF ANY KIND. IN ARBITRATION THERE IS LESS DISCOVERY AND
APPELLATE REVIEW THAN IN COURT.
Service provider
These Terms are between you and Spoti USA Inc., 4 World Trade Center, 150 Greenwich Street,
62nd Floor, New York, NY, 10007.5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 2/19Age and eligibility requirements
BY USING THE SPOTIFY SERVICE, YOU AFFIRM THAT YOU ARE 18 YEARS OR OLDER TO ENTER
INTO THESE TERMS, OR, IF YOU ARE NOT, THAT YOU ARE 13 YEARS OR OLDER AND HAVE
OBTAINED PARENTAL OR GUARDIAN CONSENT TO ENTER INTO THESE TERMS. Additionally, in
order to use the Spoti Service and access any Content, you represent that: you reside in the
United States, and any registration and account information that you submit to Spoti is true,
accurate, and complete, and you agree to keep it that way at all times.
2. The Spoti Service
Spoti Service options
We provide num erous Spoti Service options. Certain Spoti Service options are provided free of
charge, while other options require payment before they can be accessed ("Paid Subscriptions").
We may also oer special promotional plans, memberships, or services, including oerings of
third-party products and services. We are not responsible for the products and services provided
by such third parties.
Trials
From time to time, we or others on our behalf may oer trials of Paid Subscriptions for a specied
period without payment or at a reduced rate ("Trial"). By using a Spoti Service via a Trial, you
agree to the Spoti Premium Promotional Oer Terms.
Third-party applications, devices and open source software
The Spoti Service may be integrated with, or may otherwise interact with, third-party
applications, websites, and services ("Third-Party Applications") and third-party personal
computers, mobile handsets, tablets, wearable devices, speakers, and other devices ("Devices").
Your use of such Third-Party Applications and Devices may be subject to additional terms,
conditions, and policies provided to you by the applicable third party. Spoti does not guarantee
that Third-Party Applications and Devices will be compatible with the Spoti Service.
Service limitations and modications
We use reasonable eorts to keep the Spoti Service operational and to provide you with a
personalized, immersive audio experience. However, Spoti reserves the right to change our
Spoti Service oerings and their availability from time to time, without notice or liability to you.
For example:
The Spoti Service may experience temporary interruptions due to technical diculties,
maintenance or testing, or updates, including those required to reect changes in relevant laws
and regulatory requirements.
We aim to evolve and improve the Spoti Service constantly, and we may modi, suspend, or
stop (permanently or temporarily) providing all or part of the Spoti Service (including particular5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 3/19functions, features, subscription plans, and promotional oerings).
Spoti has no obligation to provide any specic content through the Spoti Service, and
Spoti or the applicable owners may remove particular songs, videos, podcasts, and other
Content without notice.
If you have prepaid fees directly to Spoti for a Paid Subscription that Spoti permanently
discontinues prior to the end of your Prepaid Period (as that term is dened in the "Payments and
cancellations" section below), Spoti will refund you the prorated portion of the prepaid fees for
the Pre-Paid Period after such discontinuation. Your account and billing information must be up to
date in order for us to refund you.
Spoti has no liability to you, nor any obligation to provide a refund to you, in connection with
internet or other Spoti Service outages or failures that are caused by the actions of government
authorities, other third parties, or events beyond our control.
3. Your Use of the Spoti Service
Creating a Spoti account
You may need to create a Spoti account to use all or part of the Spoti Service. Your username
and password are for your personal use only and should be kept condential. You understand that
you are responsible for all use (including any unauthorized use) of your username and password.
Noti our Customer Service team immediately if your username or password is lost or stolen, or if
you believe there has been unauthorized access to your account.
Spoti may reclaim, or require you to change, your username for any reason.
Your rights to use the Spoti Service
Access to the Spoti Service
Subject to your compliance with these Terms (including any other applicable terms and conditions),
we grant to you limited, non-exclusive, revocable permission to make personal, non-commercial
use of the Spoti Service and the Content (collectively, "Access"). This Access shall remain in
eect unless and until terminated by you or Spoti. You agree that you will not redistribute or
transfer the Spoti Service or the Content.
The Spoti software applications and the Content are licensed, not sold or transferred to you, and
Spoti and its licensors retain ownership of all copies of the Spoti software applications and
Content even after installation on your Devices.
Spoti's proprietary rights
The Spoti Service and the Content are the property of Spoti or Spoti's licensors. All Spoti
trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names, and any other features of the5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 4/19Spoti brand ("Spoti Brand Features") are the sole property of Spoti or its licensors. These
Terms do not grant you any rights to use any Spoti Brand Features whether for commercial or
non-commercial use.
You agree to abide by the Spoti User Guidelines and not to use the Spoti Service, the Content,
or any part thereof in any manner not expressly permitted by these Terms.
Payments and cancellation
Billing
You may purchase a Paid Subscription directly from Spoti or through a third party either by:
paying a subscription fee plus applicable taxes in advance on a monthly basis or some other
recurring interval disclosed to you prior to your purchase; or
prepayment giving you access to the Spoti Service for a specic time period ("Prepaid
Period").
Tax rates are calculated based on the information you provide and the applicable rate at the time of
your monthly charge.
If you purchase access to a Paid Subscription through a third party, separate terms and conditions
with such third party may apply to your use of the Spoti Service in addition to these Terms. Please
contact the third party regarding any refunds or to manage your subscription. If you purchase a
Paid Subscription using a code, gift card, pre-paid oer, or other oer provided or sold by or on
behalf of Spoti for access to a Paid Subscription ("Codes"), you hereby agree to the Spoti Card
Terms.
If you purchase Audiobook Content outside of your Paid Subscription, your purchase will be
governed by the Audiobook Purchase Terms and Conditions.
Price and tax changes
Spoti may from time to time make changes to Paid Subscriptions, including recurring subscription
fees, the Prepaid Period (for periods not yet paid), or Codes, and will communicate any price
changes to you in advance. Price changes will take eect at the start of the next subscription
period following the date of the price change and, by continuing to use the Spoti Service after
the price change takes eect, you will have accepted the new price. If you do not agree to a price
change, you can reject the change by unsubscribing from the applicable Paid Subscription prior to
the price change going into eect.
Tax rates are based on the rates applicable at the time of your monthly charge. These amounts can
change over time with local tax requirements in your country, state, territory, county, or city. Any
change in tax rate will be automatically applied based on the account information you provide.5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 5/19Renewal and cancellation
With the exception of Paid Subscriptions for a Prepaid Period, your payment to Spoti or the third
party through which you purchased the Paid Subscription will automatically renew at the end of the
applicable subscription period, unless you cancel your Paid Subscription before the end of the
then-current subscription period. Contact our Customer Support team here for instructions on how
to cancel. The cancellation will take eect the day after the last day of the current subscription
period, and you will be downgraded to the free version of the Spoti Service. We do not provide
refunds or credits for any partial subscription periods, except as expressly stated in these Terms.
If you have purchased a Paid Subscription using a Code, your subscription will automatically
terminate at the end of the period stated with your Code, or when there is an insucient prepaid
balance to pay for the Spoti Service.
User guidelines
We've established guidelines for using the Spoti Service, to make sure the Spoti Service stays
enjoyable for everyone ("Spoti User Guidelines"). In using the Spoti Service, you must comply
with the Spoti User Guidelines, as well as all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and respect
the intellectual property, privacy, and other rights of third parties.
Brand accounts
If you establish a Spoti account on behalf of a company, organization, entity, or brand ( "Brand,"
and such account a "Brand Account"), the terms "you" and "your," as used throughout these Terms
(including other Spoti terms and conditions incorporated by reference herein), apply to both you
and the Brand.
If you create a Brand Account, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to grant all
permissions and licenses provided in these Terms (including any other applicable Spoti terms and
conditions) and to bind the Brand to these Terms.
A Brand may follow users and create and share playlists, provided that the Brand does not take any
action that implies an endorsement or commercial relationship between the Brand and the
followed user, artist, songwriter, or any other person, unless the Brand has independently obtained
the rights to imply such an endorsement. In addition, Brands must be transparent to our users
about disclosing any endorsements or consideration provided to artists, songwriters, users, or any
other party and must comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and codes of practice when
engaging in the foregoing practices.
Export control and sanctions
Certain Spoti products and services are subject to trade control laws, including the export
control and economic sanctions laws of the United States, the European Union, the United
Kingdom and other jurisdictions, including but not limited to the Export Administration Regulations5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 6/19maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, trade and economic sanctions maintained by the
U.S. Treasury Department's Oce of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), the International Trac in
Arms Regulations maintained by the U.S. Department of State, Regulation 2021/821 as amended
(EU Dual-Use Regulation), the UK Export Control Act 2002 and the UK Export Control Order 2008
(collectively, "Trade Control Laws"). You represent and warrant that you are (1) not located in,
organized under the laws of, or ordinarily resident in any country or territory subject to territorial
sanctions ("Sanctioned Country"), nor are you owned by or acting on behalf of a Government
subject to asset-blocking sanctions or any person or entity organized, located or ordinarily resident
in a Sanctioned Country; and (2) not a person identied on, or more than 50% owned or controlled,
directly or indirectly, by or acting on behalf or at the direction of any entity identied on, U.S., E.U.,
U.K., or other applicable government restricted party lists, such as the Specially Designated
Nationals List maintained by OFAC, the Consolidated list of persons, groups and entities subject to
EU nancial sanctions, or the UK Consolidated List.
You agree to comply with all applicable Trade Control Laws in your use of the Spoti Service.
Specically, you agree not to, directly or indirectly, use, sell, supply, export, reexport, transfer,
divert, release, or otherwise dispose of any products, software, or technology (including products
derived from or based on such technology) received from Spoti under these Terms to any
destination, entity, or person or for any end use prohibited by applicable Trade Controls Laws.
Spoti shall not be required to act in any way that is prohibited under applicable Trade Control
Laws, and it shall be in the sole discretion of Spoti to refrain from being directly or indirectly
involved in the provision of products or services that may be prohibited under applicable Trade
Control Laws.
4. Content and Intellectual Property Rights
User Content
The content you post on the Spoti Service
Spoti users may post, upload, or otherwise contribute content to the Spoti Service ("User
Content"). For the avoidance of doubt, User Content includes all information, materials and other
content that is added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, or posted to the Spoti Service
(including to the Spoti Support Community) by users.
You are solely responsible for all User Content that you post.
You promise that, with respect to any User Content you post on Spoti, (1) you own or have the
right to post such User Content; and (2) such User Content, or its use by Spoti pursuant to the
license granted below, does not: (i) violate these Terms, including the Spoti User Guidelines,
applicable law, or the intellectual property or other rights of any third party; or (ii) imply any
aliation with or endorsement of you or your User Content by Spoti or any artist, band, label, or5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 7/19other individual or entity without the prior express written consent from Spoti or such individual
or entity.
In posting or sharing User Content or other information on the Spoti Service, please keep in mind
that content and other information will be publicly accessible, and may be used and re-shared by
others on the Spoti Service and across the web, so please use caution in posting or sharing on
the Spoti Service, and be mindful of your account settings. Spoti is not responsible for what you
or others post or share on the Spoti Service.
Monitoring user content
Spoti may, but has no obligation to, monitor or review User Content. Spoti reserves the right to
remove or disable access to any User Content for any or no reason. Spoti may take these actions
without prior notication to you.
Licenses that you grant to us
User Content
You retain ownership of your User Content when you post it to the Spoti Service. However, in
order for us to make your User Content available on the Spoti Service, we do need a limited
license from you to that User Content. Accordingly, you hereby grant to Spoti a non-exclusive,
transferable, sublicensable, royalty-free, fully paid, irrevocable, worldwide license to reproduce,
make available, perform and display, translate, modi, create derivative works from, distribute, and
otherwise use any such User Content through any medium, whether alone or in combination with
other Content or materials, in any manner and by any means, method or technology, whether now
known or hereafter created, in connection with the Spoti Service. Where applicable and to the
extent permitted under applicable law, you also agree to waive, and not to enforce, any "moral
rights" or equivalent rights, such as your right to be identied as the author of any User Content,
including Feedback, and your right to object to derogatory treatment of such User Content.
Feedback
If you provide ideas, suggestions, or other feedback in connection with your use of the Spoti
Service or any Content ("Feedback"), such Feedback is not condential and may be used by
Spoti without restriction and without payment to you. Feedback is considered a type of User
Content under these Terms.
Your Device
You also grant to us the right (1) to allow the Spoti Service to use the processor, bandwidth, and
storage hardware on your Device in order to facilitate the operation of the Spoti Service, (2) to
provide advertising and other information to you, and (3) to allow our business partners to do the
same.5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 8/19Content experience
In any part of the Spoti Service, the Content that you access, including its selection and
placement, may be inuenced by commercial considerations, including Spoti's agreements with
third parties.
Some Content licensed by, provided to, created by, or otherwise made available by Spoti (e.g.,
podcasts or shows) may incorporate advertising or other promotional messages.
Infringement claims
Spoti respects the rights of intellectual property owners. If you believe that any Content infringes
your copyright rights, please see the Spoti Copyright Policy.
5. Customer Support, Information, Questions, and Complaints
Spoti support community
Spoti Community is a place for discussions and exchange of information, tips, and other materials
related to the Spoti Service. By using Spoti Community, you agree to the Community Terms.
Customer support, information, questions, and complaints
For customer support with account- and payment-related questions ("Custome r Support
Queries"), please use Customer Support resources listed on the About Us section of our website.
If you have any questions concerning the Spoti Service or these Terms (including any additional
Spoti terms and conditions incorporated herein), please contact Spoti Customer Service by
visiting the About Us section of our website. You may also contact us at the mailing address set
forth in the "Service Provider" section at the start of these Terms.
In addition, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, you may contact the Complaint Assistance
Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Aairs in
writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at 1-
800-952-5210 in order to resolve a complaint regarding the Spoti Service or to receive further
information regarding use of the Spoti Service.
6. Problems and Disputes
Suspending and terminating the Spoti Service
These Terms will continue to apply to you until terminated by either you or Spoti. Spoti may
terminate these Terms (including any additional terms and conditions incorporated herein) or
suspend your access to the Spoti Service at any time if we believe you have breached any of
these Terms, if we stop providing the Spoti Service or any material component thereof, or as we
believe necessary to comply with applicable law. If you or Spoti terminate these Terms, or if5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 9/19Spoti suspends your access to the Spoti Service, you agree that Spoti shall have no liability or
responsibility to you, and (except as expressly provided in these Terms) Spoti will not refund any
amounts that you have already paid. You may terminate these Terms at any time, in which case you
may not continue accessing or using the Spoti Service. To learn how to terminate your Spoti
account, please use the Customer Support resources on our About Us page.
The following sections shall survive termination: Sections 2 (The Spoti Service), 3 (Your Use of
the Spoti Service) (except as set forth therein), 4 (Content and Intellectual Property Rights), 6
(Problems and Disputes), 7 (About These Terms), as well as any other sections of these Terms that,
either explicitly or by their nature, must remain in eect even after termination of these Terms.
Warranty disclaimers
THE SPOTIFY SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE," WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY. FURTHER,
SPOTIFY AND ALL OWNERS OF THE CONTENT DISCLAIM ANY EXPRESS, IMPLIED, AND
STATUTORY WARRANTIES REGARDING THE CONTENT, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF
SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT. NEITHER SPOTIFY NOR ANY OWNER OF CONTENT WARRANTS THAT
THE SPOTIFY SERVICE OR CONTENT IS FREE OF MALWARE OR OTHER HARMFUL
COMPONENTS. IN ADDITION, SPOTIFY MAKES NO REPRESENTATION REGARDING, NOR
DOES IT WARRANT OR ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR, ANY THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS
(OR THE CONTENT THEREOF), USER CONTENT, DEVICES OR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE
ADVERTISED, PROMOTED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY ON OR THROUGH THE SPOTIFY
SERVICE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, AND SPOTIFY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY
TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF THE FOREGOING. NO
ADVICE OR INFORMATION WHETHER ORAL OR IN WRITING OBTAINED BY YOU FROM
SPOTIFY SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY ON BEHALF OF SPOTIFY. WHILE USING THE
SPOTIFY SERVICE, YOU MAY HAVE ACCESS TO EXPLICIT CONTENT FILTERING FEATURES, BUT
USE OF THESE FEATURES MAY STILL RESULT IN SOME EXPLICIT CONTENT BEING SERVED
AND YOU SHOULD NOT RELY ON SUCH FEATURES TO FILTER ALL EXPLICIT CONTENT. THIS
SECTION APPLIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitations on applicable
statutory rights of a consumer, so the exclusion and limitations in this section may not apply to you.
Limitation of liability and time for ling a claim
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR
DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SPOTIFY SERVICE IS TO UNINSTALL ANY SPOTIFY SOFTWARE
AND TO STOP USING THE SPOTIFY SERVICE. YOU AGREE THAT SPOTIFY HAS NO OBLIGATION
OR LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS OR THE
CONTENT THEREOF MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SPOTIFY5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 10/19SERVICE, AND WHILE YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH SUCH THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS MAY BE
GOVERNED BY SEPARATE AGREEMENTS WITH SUCH THIRD PARTIES, YOUR SOLE AND
EXCLUSIVE REMEDY, AS WITH RESPECT TO SPOTIFY, FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR
DISSATISFACTION WITH ANY THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS OR THE CONTENT THEREOF, IS
TO UNINSTALL OR STOP USING SUCH THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SPOTIFY, ITS
OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, DIRECTORS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES,
SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR (1) ANY INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; (2) ANY
LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS (WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT), IN ALL CASES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SPOTIFY SERVICE, DEVICES, THIRD-
PARTY APPLICATIONS, OR THIRD-PARTY APPLICATION CONTENT, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL
THEORY, WITHOUT REGARD TO WHETHER SPOTIFY HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF THOSE DAMAGES, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE; OR (3)
AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SPOTIFY SERVICE, THIRD-PARTY
APPLICATIONS, OR THIRD-PARTY APPLICATION CONTENT MORE THAN THE GREATER OF (A)
THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO SPOTIFY DURING THE TWELVE MONTHS PRIOR TO THE
FIRST CLAIM; OR (B) $30.00.
For clarication, these Terms do not limit Spoti's liability for fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation,
death or personal injury to the extent that applicable law would prohibit such a limitation.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY CLAIM ARISING UNDER
THESE TERMS MUST BE COMMENCED (BY FILING A DEMAND OR FILING AN INDIVIDUAL
ACTION AS SPECIFIED UNDER THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT BELOW) WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR
AFTER THE DATE THE PARTY ASSERTING THE CLAIM FIRST KNOWS OR REASONABLY
SHOULD KNOW OF THE ACT, OMISSION, OR DEFAULT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM; AND
THERE SHALL BE NO RIGHT TO ANY REMEDY FOR ANY CLAIM NOT ASSERTED WITHIN THAT
TIME PERIOD.
Third-party rights
You acknowledge and agree that the owners of the Content and certain distributors (such as app
store providers) are intended beneciaries of these Terms and have the right to enforce these
Terms directly against you. Other than as set out in this section, (1) these Terms are not intended to
grant rights to anyone except you and Spoti; and (2) in no event shall these Terms create any
third-party beneciary rights.
If you have downloaded any of our mobile software applications (each, an "App") from the Apple
Inc. ("Apple") App Store or if you are using the App on an iOS device, you acknowledge that you
have read, understood, and agree to the following notice regarding Apple. These Terms are
between you and Spoti only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the Spoti Service5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 11/19and the content thereof. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and
support services with respect to the Spoti Service. In the event of any failure of the Spoti
Service to conform to any applicable warranty, you may noti Apple and Apple will refund the
applicable purchase price for the App to you; and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law, Apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Spoti Service. Apple
is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the Spoti Service
or your possession or use of the Spoti Service, including: (1) product liability claims; (2) any claim
that the Spoti Service fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; (3)
claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation; and (4) claims with respect to
intellectual property infringement. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense,
settlement, and discharge of any third-party claim that the Spoti Service or your possession and
use of the App infringe that third party's intellectual property rights. You agree to comply with any
applicable third-party terms, when using the Spoti Service. Apple, and Apple's subsidiaries, are
third-party beneciaries of these Terms, and upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have
the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a
third-party beneciary of these Terms.
Indemnication
You agree to indemni and hold Spoti harmless from and against all damages, losses, and
expenses of any kind (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of or related to: (1)
your breach of any of these Terms (including any additional Spoti terms and conditions
incorporated herein); (2) any User Content you post or otherwise contribute; (3) any activity in
which you engage on or through the Spoti Service; and (4) your violation of any law or the rights
of a third party.
Governing law, jurisdiction, and jury trial waiver
These Terms and any dispute, claim, and/or controversy that in any way relates to or arises in
connection with these Terms or your relationship with Spoti as a user of the Spoti Service
("Dispute") are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New
York, except to the extent preempted by or inconsistent with federal law. Further, you and Spoti
agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal or state courts located in New York, New York, to
resolve any Dispute that is not subject to mandatory arbitration under the Arbitration Agreement
below, and waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the parties agree to waive any right to a jury trial.
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT
This Arbitration Agreement section sets forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which Disputes
between you and Spoti will be resolved through individual arbitration ("Arbitration Agreement").
Dispute resolution and arbitration5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 12/19Subject to the exceptions set forth in the "Exceptions to arbitration" section below, you and Spoti
agree that any Dispute between you and Spoti (whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud,
misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and whether the claims arise during or after the
termination of these Terms) will be determined by binding individual (not class) arbitration. The
arbitrator has the authority to rule on all issues except that a court has exclusive authority to: (1)
decide arbitrability, as well as scope, validity, and enforceability of this Arbitration Agreement; (2)
decide whether you and Spoti have complied with the pre-arbitration ling requirements
(including the requirements described in the "Pre-arbitration notice of dispute and informal
resolution period" section below); (3) enforce the prohibition on class or representative actions; (4)
enforce the provisions regarding mass arbitrations; and (5) enjoin an arbitration from proceeding if
it does not comply with this Arbitration Agreement. THERE IS NO JUDGE OR JURY IN
ARBITRATION, AND COURT REVIEW OF AN ARBITRATION AWARD IS LIMITED. The arbitrator
can award the same damages and relief as a court (including attorneys' fees and costs where
allowable under applicable law), except that the arbitrator may not award any relief, including
declaratory or injunctive relief, beneting anyone but the parties to the arbitration. This arbitration
provision will survive termination of these Terms.
Exceptions to arbitration
You and Spoti both agree that any Dispute relating to any actual or alleged infringement of your
or Spoti's intellectual property rights shall be brought in the federal courts of New York, New
York, and that nothing in this Arbitration Agreement will be deemed to waive, preclude, or
otherwise limit either of your or Spoti's rights, at any time, to elect to have an individual action
heard in: (1) a U.S. small claims court (so long as the action is litigated exclusively in small claims
court and is not removed or appealed to a court of general jurisdiction); or (2) a court of law, in
accordance with the jurisdiction and venue described in the "Governing law, jurisdiction, and jury
trial waiver" section above, seeking only temporary or preliminary individualized injunctive relief,
pending a nal ruling from the arbitrator. In addition, this Arbitration Agreement does not stop you
or us from bringing issues to the attention of federal, state, or local agencies. Such agencies can, if
the law allows, seek relief against us on your behalf (or vice versa).
No class or representative proceedings and class action waiver
YOU AND SPOTIFY AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER IN
ARBITRATION OR LITIGATION ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A
PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, COLLECTIVE, CONSOLIDATED,
PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. Unless both you and Spoti
agree, no arbitrator or judge may consolidate more than one person's claims or otherwise preside
over any form of a representative or class proceeding. The arbitrator may award injunctive relief
only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief
warranted by that party's individual claim. If a court decides that applicable law precludes
enforcement of any of this paragraph's limitations as to a particular claim for relief or request for
relief (such as a request for public injunctive relief) and all appeals have been exhausted or the5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 13/19decision is otherwise nal, then the parties agree that such a claim or request for relief shall be
decided by a court only after all other claims and requests for relief are arbitrated.
Pre-arbitration notice of dispute and informal resolution period
A party who intends to seek arbitration must rst send a written notice of the Dispute ("Notice") to
the other. Notices to Spoti must be sent by email to legal@spoti.com, and Notices to you must
be sent to the email address associated with your Spoti account. All Notices must: (1) be
personally signed by the party sending the Notice; (2) provide the relevant user's name, email
address associated with the user's Spoti account, and Spoti username; (3) describe with
specicity the nature and basis of the Dispute; and (4) set forth the alleged damage and harm
suered and the specic relief sought with a calculation for it.
After a Notice containing all of the information required above is received, the parties agree to
engage in good faith for a period of sixty (60) days in an eort to resolve the Dispute (this time
period may be extended by agreement of the parties) ("Informal Resolution Period"). The party
receiving the Notice may request a telephone or video settlement conference during the Informal
Resolution Period in an eort to facilitate resolution of the Dispute ("Informal Settlement
Conference"). The Informal Settlement Conference, if any, will take place at a mutually agreeable
time, which can be after the sixty (60) day Informal Resolution Period if needed to accommodate
the parties' schedules. During the Informal Settlement Conference, you and a Spoti
representative must both personally participate in a good-faith eort to resolve the Dispute
without the need to proceed with arbitration. Any counsel representing the parties also may
participate. Personal participation in an Informal Settlement Conference will not be required if both
you and Spoti agree in writing.
The Notice, Informal Resolution Period, and Informal Settlement Conference are intended to give
the parties a meaningful opportunity to resolve Disputes informally. If any aspect of this "Pre-
arbitration notice of dispute and informal resolution period" section has not been met, the parties
agree that a court can enjoin the ling or prosecution of an arbitration and, unless prohibited by
law, the arbitration administrator shall not accept or administer an arbitration nor demand fees in
connection with such an arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a party retains the right to
raise non-compliance with the requirements of this section and seek appropriate relief in
arbitration.
Any applicable statute of limitations or contractual limitations period will be tolled for any claims
and requests for relief set forth in a Notice from the date that either you or Spoti sends the other
a fully complete Notice until: (1) thirty (30) days after completion of the Informal Resolution Period,
if no Informal Settlement Conference is held; or (2) thirty (30) days after completion of the Informal
Settlement Conference if an Informal Settlement Conference is held ("Tolling Period").
Neither you nor Spoti may commence an arbitration proceeding until after the Tolling Period has
ended.5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 14/19Arbitration rules and fees
Either you or Spoti may start arbitration proceedings. Any arbitration between you and Spoti
will be administered by National Arbitration and Mediation ("NAM") in accordance with their rules
applicable to the nature of the Dispute, including the Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and
Procedures and/or the Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitration Filings ("NAM Rules"), as modied
by this Arbitration Agreement. You and Spoti agree that the Federal Arbitration Act applies and
governs the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement (despite the choice of
law provision above). The NAM Rules, as well as instructions on how to le a demand for
arbitration ("Demand") with NAM, appear at www.namadr.com/resources/rules-fees-forms/. The
Demand must attach the relevant Notice and be personally signed by the party initiating the
arbitration (and their counsel, if represented).
If NAM is unavailable, unwil ling, or otherwise unable to administer an arbitration in accordance
with this Arbitration Agreement, then another administrator that will do so will be selected by
agreement of the parties. If the parties cannot agree, then they will jointly petition a court to
appoint an administrator that will do so. To start an arbitration, the claimant shall send a copy of the
Demand to NAM and the other party. If you initiate arbitration, you shall serve the Demand on
Spoti via email at legal@spoti.com and to Spoti's registered agent at CT Corporation System,
28 Liberty Street, New York, New York, 10005. If Spoti initiates arbitration, Spoti shall serve the
Demand on you at the email address associated with your Spoti account. The claimant must
certi in the Demand that the requirements set forth in the "Pre-arbitration notice of dispute and
informal resolution period" section above have been met, and must attach a copy of the Notice to
the Demand.
Each party retains the right to request a hearing in arbitration from the arbitrator. Any arbitration
hearings will be conducted by phone or videoconference to the extent possible, but if the arbitrator
determines that a hearing should be conducted in person, the locale for such hearing shall be in the
county or parish where you reside or at another agreed upon locale.
As in court, any counsel participating in an arbitration certies that they are complying with the
requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), including a certication that the claim or the
relief sought is neither frivolous nor brought for an improper purpose. The arbitrator is authorized
to impose any sanctions available under the NAM Rules, Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11, or
applicable federal or state law against all appropriate represented parties and counsel.
Spoti will pay all ling, administration, case-management, hearing, and arbitrator fees
("Arbitration Fees") if it initiates an arbitration. If you choose to le an arbitration proceeding, the
allocation and payment of Arbitration Fees will be governed by the NAM Rules, unless a dierent
allocation is required by court order or for this Arbitration Agreement to be enforced. You and
Spoti agree that arbitration should be cost eective for all parties. Either party may engage with
the arbitration administrator around fee reductions and deferred payments.5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 15/19Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned
written decision sucient to explain the essential ndings and conclusions on which the decision
and award, if any, are based. The arbitrator may consider rulings in other arbitrations involving
dierent users, but an arbitrator's ruling will not be binding in any proceeding involving dierent
users. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve any disagreements as to the payment and
reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either
party made within fourteen (14) days of the arbitrator's ruling on the merits. An arbitration award
that has been satised may not be led or entered in court.
Mass arbitration
If you elect to have your claim addressed as part of a mass arbitration (dened below), you agree to
the additional procedures set forth below.
If twenty-ve (25) or more claimants submit Notices or attempt to le Demands raising similar
claims, are represented by the same or coordinated counsel (regardless of whether the Notices or
Demands are submitted simultaneously), and the parties cannot resolve the cases during the
Informal Resolution Period, all of the cases must be resolved in arbitration through staged sets of
proceedings. You agree to this process even though it may delay the arbitration of your case.
If these mass ling procedures apply to your case, the Tolling Period for your claims will be
extended until your case is selected to proceed as part of a staged proceeding, withdrawn, opted
out of arbitration (as set forth below), or otherwise resolved.
First Stage: In the rst stage, counsel for the parties shall each select twenty-ve (25) cases per
side (50 cases total) to be led in arbitration and to proceed individually in accordance with this
Arbitration Agreement, with each case assigned to a separate and dierent arbitrator (unless the
parties agree otherwise). In the meantime, any remaining cases shall not be led or deemed led in
arbitration, nor shall any Arbitration Fees be assessed in connection with those cases unless and
until they are selected to be led in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
After the rst stage is completed, the parties shall engage in a global, non-binding, and condential
mediation of all remaining cases with a retired federal or state court judge, and Spoti shall pay
the mediator's fee.
Second Stage: If the parties are unable to resolve the remaining cases after the mediation, the
parties shall repeat the same process except that fty (50) cases shall be selected per side (100
cases total) to proceed individually in accordance with this Arbitration Agreement, with each case
assigned to a separate and dierent arbitrator (unless the parties agree otherwise). After the
second stage is completed, the parties will again engage in a global, non-binding, and condential
mediation of all remaining cases with a retired federal or state court judge, with the mediator's fee
paid for by Spoti.
If the parties are unable to resolve any remaining cases after a second global mediation session:5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 16/19Option One: You and Spoti may, separately or by agreement, opt out of arbitration and elect to
have your case heard in a court of competent jurisdiction consistent with these Terms. You may opt
out of arbitration by providing an individual, personally signed notice of your intention to opt out of
arbitration to Spoti via email at legal@spoti.com within thirty (30) days after the conclusion of
the second global mediation session. Spoti may opt your case out of arbitration by sending an
individual, signed notice of its intention to opt out of arbitration to your counsel via email no more
than thirty (30) days following the expiration of your thirty (30) day opt-out period. Counsel for the
parties may agree to adjust these deadlines.
OR
Option Two: If neither you nor Spoti elects to have your case heard in court consistent with
Option One, then you agree that your case will be resolved through continuing staged proceedings
as set forth below. Assuming the num ber of remaining cases exceeds two hundred (200), then two
hund red (200) cases shall be randomly selected (or selected through a process agreed to by
counsel for the parties) to be led and to proceed in individual arbitrations as part of a staged
process. If the num ber of remaining cases is fewer than two hund red (200), then all of those cases
shall be led and proceed in individual arbitrations. No more than ve (5) cases within any set of
two hund red (200) cases may be assigned to the same arbitrator to proceed individually, unless the
parties agree otherwise in writing. Any remaining cases shall not be led or deemed led in
arbitration, nor shall any arbitration fees be assessed in connection with those cases unless and
until they are selected to be led in individual arbitration proceedings as part of a staged process.
Throughout the staged process above, the arbitrators for the cases are encouraged to resolve the
cases within one hund red twenty (120) days of appointment or as swiftly as possible thereafter,
consistent with fairness to the parties. If any case selected for a staged set of proceedings is
withdrawn prior to the arbitrator's award (and without the consent of the other party), another case
shall be selected to proceed individually in arbitration consistent with the process set forth above.
A court of competent jurisdiction will have the authority to enforce this "Mass arbitration" section
and, if necessary, to enjoin the ling or prosecution of arbitrations or the assessment or collection
of Arbitration Fees. This "Mass arbitration" section is intended to be severable from the rest of this
Arbitration Agreement. If a court decides that the staging process set forth in this "Mass
arbitration" section is not enforceable (and after exhaustion of all appeals), then all cases may be
led in arbitration, but the payment of Arbitration Fees will be assessed as the arbitrations advance
and arbitrators are appointed, rather than when the arbitrations are initiated.
Enforceability
If in the process of arbitrating or litigating a Dispute this Arbitration Agreement is invalidated in
whole, the parties agree that they may seek to resolve the Dispute in a U.S. small claims court or in
the federal or state courts of New York, New York, consistent with the "Governing law, jurisdiction,
and jury trial waiver" section above. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each party5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 17/19may bring a Dispute against the other party only in an individual capacity and not participate as a
plainti, claimant, or class member in any class, collective, consolidated, private attorney general,
or representative proceeding. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may participate in a
class-wide settlement.
7. About These Terms
Under applicable law, you may have certain rights that can't be limited by a contract. These Terms
are in no way intended to restrict those rights.
Changes
We may make changes to these Terms (including any additional Spoti terms and conditions
incorporated by reference herein) from time to time by notiing you of such changes by any
reasonable means, including by posting the revised Terms on the applicable Spoti Service
(provided that, for material changes, we will seek to supplement such notice by email, an in-service
pop-up message, or other prominent notice within the Spoti Service, or other means). Your use of
the Spoti Service following any changes to these Terms will constitute your acceptance of such
changes. Premium Subscribers who do not wish to continue using the Spoti Service under the
updated Terms must close their Spoti account prior to their renewal date or thirty (30) days after
the Eective Date, whichever occurs rst. If Spoti makes any material change to the Arbitration
Agreement (other than a change to the notice address), you may reject any such change by sending
us a personally signed, written notice of your decision to opt out of those changes via email to
tounotice@spoti.com. This opt-out notice must be sent within thirty (30) days of when we noti
users of the change and include: (1) your name, address, email address associated with your Spoti
account, phone num ber, and Spoti username. Such an opt-out must be sent by you personally
from your personal email address, and not by your agent, attorney, or anyone else purporting to act
on your behalf. The opt-out notice also must include a statement that you wish to reject the change
to the Arbitration Agreement. Opting out of a material change to the Arbitration Agreement is not
an opt-out of arbitration altogether. Even if you opt out of a material change to the Arbitration
Agreement, you and Spoti agree that any Dispute will be determined by binding individual (not
class) arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Agreement in eect immediately before any
such opt-out.
Entire agreement
Other than as stated in this section or as explicitly agreed upon in writing between you and Spoti,
these Terms constitute all the terms and conditions agreed upon between you and Spoti and
supersede any prior agreements in relation to the subject matter of these Terms, whether written or
oral. As noted above, other terms and conditions governing use of the Spoti Service are
incorporated herein by reference, including the following terms and conditions: Spoti Premium
Promotional Oer Terms; Spoti Audiobook Purchase Terms and Conditions; Spoti's Card Terms;
Spoti User Guidelines; Spoti Copyright Policy; and Spoti Support Community Terms.5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 18/19Severability and waiver
Unless as otherwise stated in these Terms, should any provision of these Terms be held invalid or
unenforceable for any reason or to any extent, the remaining provisions of these Terms will not be
aected, and the application of that provision shall be enforced to the extent permitted by law.
Any failure by Spoti or any third-party beneciary to enforce these Terms or any provision thereof
shall not waive Spoti's or the applicable third-party beneciary's right to do so.
Assignment
Spoti may assign any or all of these Terms, and may assign or delegate, in whole or in part, any of
its rights or obligations under these Terms. You may not assign these Terms, in whole or in part, nor
transfer or sublicense your rights under these Terms to any third party.
COMPANY
About
Jobs
For the Record
COMMUNITIES
For Artists
Developers
Advertising
Investors
Vendors
Spoti for Work5/23/23, 12:30 PM Terms and Conditions of Use - Spotify
https://www .spotify .com/us/legal/end-user -agreement/ 19/19USEFUL LINKS
Support
Web Player
Free Mobile App
USA
Legal Privacy Center Privacy Policy Cookies About Ads Accessibility
Your Privacy Choices 2023 Spoti AB